Update links containing 'master' to 'main' branch (#256)
SteeltoeOSS/Samples: Connectors/src/PostgreEFCore/README.md

﻿# PostgreSQL Connector Sample App - EntityFramework Core

[![Build Status](https://dev.azure.com/SteeltoeOSS/Steeltoe/_apis/build/status/Samples/SteeltoeOSS.Samples%20%5BConnectors_PostgreEFCore%5D?branchName=main)](https://dev.azure.com/SteeltoeOSS/Steeltoe/_build/latest?definitionId=22&branchName=main)

> An ASP.NET Core sample application for the [Steeltoe PostgreSQL Connector](https://steeltoe.io/docs/steeltoe-connectors/#2-0-postgresql).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An ASP.NET Core sample application for the [Steeltoe PostgreSQL Connector](https://docs.steeltoe.io/api/v3/connectors/postgresql.html).
```
